hey t hit January 12 Robert called me
right away and we just both of us began
to talk about you know assembling
choreographers and dancers people to get
behind medical assistance program snap
international to really impact the
country of Haiti after we saw the
enormous earthquake that hit there and
over 200,000 people that had been killed
we realized we had to do something
so Robert being the person that he is
knowing the community of Los Angeles
having contacts in Los Angeles with the
dance community with some of the top
choreographers in the world basically
assembled these people got them behind
this cause and we started dance for
change
the Los Angeles could have easily been
Haiti we are in the ring of fire and I
think that you know if we don't get
involved and really start pulling
together and helping I think we could
just as easily be that country like
Haiti that needs to help everyone needs
to get involved do what they can does
isn't huge issue
I'm first generation asian so it's it is
personal seeing my family disturbed and
and shook so hard affects me you know
luckily no one of my immediate family
was injured but my mom my uncle's my
aunts they all lost personal friends
family friends so yeah it's kind of
personal and aside from that is on a
human level it was one of those things
around I was asked to do something I
found out that something was happening
and it's got involved
then we sort of took the show on a
roller coaster ride from basically the
moment at 453 from there quick hit all
the way until now and then continuing on
so taking through the emotion that one
might feel in that type of situation and
then trying to bring hope back
I mean there's a lot of things still
going on in pd that obviously you're
still devastating but we still want
everybody to have hope and so we wanted
the show to end on a happy light note
and we have drummers and you have a lot
of different things going on and African
dance so everybody does feel good
because at the end of the day I think
that we want to feel good and we want to
give
map is a really important organization
that we were really happy to be involved
with they have a ninety nine percent
efficiency rate so every bit of money
that is given to them they make sure
that it's going to the country that you
props for it to go to you can go to map
top board and continue to donate even
after the show tonight on dance for
change we actually are going to have the
show for sale so people can buy the show
and all proceeds will go to Haiti it's
really time for people to get back and
to get involved in their communities to
get involved and you know helping out
with nonprofits and wherever they live I
would just say definitely get involved
so viewers at home you can get involved
by donating at map org
you